CLOUDP-126263: Create command “atlas backups exports jobs describe” (#1355)
mongodb/mongodb-atlas-cli: docs/atlascli/command/atlas-backups-exports-jobs-describe.txt

.. _atlas-backups-exports-jobs-describe:

===================================
atlas backups exports jobs describe
===================================

.. default-domain:: mongodb

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 1
   :class: singlecol

> Describe cloud backup export job for your project, cluster and bucket.

Reviewer: Oops not sure why this didn't come through with the last review
```suggestion
Return all cloud backup export jobs for your project, cluster, and bucket.
```

Syntax
------

.. code-block::

   atlas backups exports jobs describe [options]

Options
-------

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 20 10 10 60

   * - Name
     - Type
     - Required
     - Description
   * - --bucketId
     - string
     - true

>      - Unique identifier of the role that Atlas can use to access the bucket.

Reviewer: This seems like the wrong description here (or it's the wrong flag on line 35)
